# Goal 
We are hoping that people will use our playful app and gradually as they visualize and understand the massive energy consumption and CO2 by cars, they will be more considerate to their use. More importantly than that, the user is passively helping the next generation by cutting down on their fuel consumption. The user is also benefitting a lot in the long run, by saving money, time and reducing risk. How is risk reduced? Because of, the lesser number of crossings and lesser distractions on road. In future, besides having our basic easy to use calculator we can code and include an advanced calculator with the app that user can use if they are very serious about the numbers. We can also include other features that will affect the users ride, for examples: road condition, bike lane, and others. Using technology and the communication power of maps, we are here to enlighten the modern human. With use, our user will have a better understanding of the sustainability of a selected ideal route.




# How it works
The user will open our site and select their destination route. Then they will apply the intersection point and street crossing point layer or the bus layer. They will then select a route that crosses the least amount of these points. That way they will plan their trip. Theoretically the route with least number of potential stops is the most efficient. Additionally, we have the truck route layer that the user can use to avoid routes where trucks are driven. The summary gadgets just visually count and show the number of stops in an area which can be used if the user is travelling over a large distance and viewing the map in a small scale. That way they can get a general idea of the areas they will pass and choose their route through the reliable areas. 
To make our app more playful, we have included a calculator which is easy to use. The user will simply input the type of vehicle, the distance and the number of possible stops and our app will show the amount of energy used, CO2 produced, and cost of trip based on 1 litre gas for 1.15 Canadian dollars (with tax). They can select different routes and see the various outputs. For example, one way how the user can benefit from this app is that they can select their home to work route, based on their travel experience they will know which route is the best. All the data the user is concerned about is in the map. They can compare that by using a different route too. Once they find the ideal route, they can use it and commute efficiently. They are only doing it a few times. 


